📝 Clarify DNS challenge (#2703)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/define-routes/https.md

Since this pattern for generated URLs should remain similar even if it may change slightly,
your branch names should be no more than 20 characters.

### DNS challenge

To provide a valid SSL certificate,
Let's Encrypt checks that the requester is entitled to receive the SSL certificate it asked for.
It verifies ownership through a _challenge_.
For Platform.sh projects, it involves a [HTTP-01 challenge](https://letsencrypt.org/docs/challenge-types/#http-01-challenge).

If you include them in your [routes definition](./_index.md),

> Platform.sh checks that both the `example.platform.sh` and `www.example.platform.sh` domains are pointing to your project.

Reviewer: :hammer_and_wrench:
Why not use the [recommended example](https://github.com/platformsh/platformsh-docs/blob/main/contributing/content-style.md#use-clear-examples)?
```suggestion
Platform.sh checks that both the `example.com ` and `www. example.com ` domains are pointing to your project.
```

Author: The reason I didn't was because this wasn't a comprehensive review of what was there, just the relevant bits. I didn't edit these lines, for example.

The certificate also encompasses both these domains.
See more information about [custom domains](../domains/steps/_index.md).

Sometimes, that verification fails, which results in the following error-message:
`Couldn't complete challenge HTTP01: pending`

For the DNS challenge to work, your domains and subdomains should point directly to Platform.sh
(unless you're using a [CDN](../domains/cdn/_index.md)).
Otherwise, you see the following error:

```text

>   E: Error validating domain www.example.platform.sh: Couldn't complete challenge HTTP01: pending

Reviewer: :hammer_and_wrench:
```suggestion
  E: Error validating domain www. example.com Couldn't complete challenge HTTP01: pending
```

>   Unable to validate domains www.example.platform.sh, will retry in the background.

Reviewer: :hammer_and_wrench:
```suggestion
  Unable to validate domains www. example.com, will retry in the background.
```

```
or

```text

>   W: Failed to verify the challenge at the gateway for the domain 'www.example.platform.sh'

Reviewer: :hammer_and_wrench:
```suggestion
  W: Failed to verify the challenge at the gateway for the domain 'www. example.com'
```

>   E: Error validating domain www.example.platform.sh: Couldn't complete challenge [HTTP01: There was a problem with a DNS query during identifier validation]

Reviewer: :hammer_and_wrench:
```suggestion
  E: Error validating domain www. example.com: Couldn't complete challenge [HTTP01: There was a problem with a DNS query during identifier validation]
```

Author: The extra spaces mean I can't just accept the suggestions. But I can add them myself.

Reviewer: Indeed, copy-paste fail on my end 😓 
Can you edit my comments as well?
